refactor: rename test->test-suite and script->test (#957)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/cli/testkube_testsuites_list.md

## testkube testsuites list

> Get all available tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get all available test suites
```

### Synopsis

> Getting all available tests from given namespace - if no namespace given "testkube" namespace is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting all available test suites from given namespace - if no namespace given "testkube" namespace is used
```
